Re-organize seasonal branding (#46)
python-discord/branding: seasonal/README.md

### Seasonal branding

Each folder in this directory contains branding inspired by a specific season. Such assets are temporarily applied to the server to celebrate holidays, promote on-going events, or to show support for various world-wide movements.

> While the primary function is to organize the various assets we have, they are also used by **Seasonalbot's branding manager**. The bot will automatically apply seasonal assets pulled directly from this repository to the server. In order for Seasonalbot to properly detect and apply assets, certain conventions must be followed.

Reviewer: Perhaps we should link the seasonalbot repo from this readme?
```suggestion
While the primary function is to organize the various assets we have, they are also used by **[Seasonalbot](https://github.com/python-discord/seasonalbot)'s branding manager**. The bot will automatically apply seasonal assets pulled directly from this repository to the server. In order for Seasonalbot to properly detect and apply assets, certain conventions must be followed.
```

Author: Good idea, thanks. Added in b3a1b10.

#### Automatically managed assets

> There are 3 types of seasonal assets: **server icons**, **server banners**, and **bot avatars**. While a season always has **at most 1** banner and bot avatar, there may be **multiple** server icons. In such a case, Seasonalbot will periodically cycle available icons in a configurable interval (once every *n* days).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
There are 3 types of seasonal assets: **server icons**, **server banners**, and **bot avatars**. While a season always has **at most 1** banner and bot avatar, there may be **multiple** server icons. In such a case, Seasonalbot will periodically cycle available icons at a configurable interval (once every *n* days).
```

> In order for banners and avatars to be discovered, they shall be placed directly in a seasonal directory, named `seasonal/<season_name>/banner.png` and `../avatar.png` respectively. Note that these assets are expected to *always* carry the **png** extension. Server icons shall always (regardless of whether the is only 1, or many) be placed in a nested directory, as follows: `../server_icons/festive_256.gif`. Server icons are name and extension agnostic - they are registered simply be being present in the `server_icons/` directory.

Reviewer 2: Use three dots for paths to make it clearer it's an ellipses rather than "go up one directory". Also correct "be being" to "by being".
```suggestion
In order for banners and avatars to be discovered, they shall be placed directly in a seasonal directory, named `seasonal/<season_name>/banner.png` and `.../avatar.png` respectively. Note that these assets are expected to *always* carry the **png** extension. Server icons shall always (regardless of whether the is only 1, or many) be placed in a nested directory, as follows: `.../server_icons/festive_256.gif`. Server icons are name and extension agnostic - they are registered simply by being present in the `server_icons/` directory.
```

> In order for banners and avatars to be discovered, they shall be placed directly in a seasonal directory, named `seasonal/<season_name>/banner.png` and `.../avatar.png` respectively. Note that these assets are expected to *always* carry the **png** extension. Server icons shall always (regardless of whether the is only 1, or many) be placed in a nested directory, as follows: `.../server_icons/festive_256.gif`. Server icons are name and extension agnostic - they are registered simply by being present in the `server_icons/` directory.

Reviewer: Is there any particular reason we're requiring banners and avatars to be png? Doesn't discord technically support other formats?

Reviewer 3: It ensures consistent lossless image quality across the board, and is supported by pretty much every image editor/viewer out there. Encoding it with any other format is prone to differences in quality (compression levels, artifacting, etc). Not sure if this is _the_ reason, but it's _a_ reason.

Reviewer 4: Most of the assets are vectorized, using a format with compression would be horrendous if we need to edit them later.

Reviewer 3: Vectors still need to be converted to bitmaps if we want to use them anywhere.

Author: > @lemonsaurus: Is there any particular reason we're requiring banners and avatars to be png? Doesn't discord technically support other formats?

Technically, we could support them. However, I believe neither bot avatars nor banners can be animated at the moment. We do not currently have any static non-png assets, and I do not foresee us having them. The png format just appears to be the most fitting for this use case.

Therefore, I decided to make my life easier on Seasonalbot's side, and simply search for the full filename, including the extension.

If you believe that support for non-png assets should be added, then it only requires adjustments in the Seasonalbot repository.

Reviewer: > This allowed me to avoid dealing with ambiguities such as banner.png and banner.jpg both being present.

Good point, I don't really think it's worth adding the support at that cost, so I'll resolve this.

> If a non-evergreen season does not provide all assets, the bot will search for the missing ones in the evergreen directory. We will illustrate this behaviour on the following example:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If a non-evergreen season does not provide all assets, the bot will search for the missing ones in the evergreen directory. We will illustrate this behaviour with the following example:
```

```
├── seasonal/
│
│ ├── easter/
│ │ ├── avatar.png
│ │ ├── banner.png
│
│ ├── christmas/
│ │ ├── server_icons/
│ │ │ ├── snowing.gif
│ │ ├── avatar.png
│
│ ├── evergreen/
│ │ ├── server_icons/
│ │ │ ├── winky.gif
│ │ │ ├── spinner.png
│ │ ├── avatar.png
│ │ ├── banner.png
```

> While the **easter** season is active, the bot will apply its `avatar.png` and `banner.png` assets. However as the season does not provide any server icons, the bot will continue to cycle the evergreen ones - `winky.gif`, and `spinner.png`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
While the **easter** season is active, the bot will apply its `avatar.png` and `banner.png` assets. However as the season does not provide any server icons, the bot will continue to cycle the evergreen ones - `winky.gif` and `spinner.png`.
```

> Once we enter **christmas** season, the bot will apply the `snowing.gif` server icon - it will not cycle, as there is only one. Additionally, the christmas `avatar.png` will be used, however the bot will fallback on the evergreen `banner.png`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once we enter the **christmas** season, the bot will apply the `snowing.gif` server icon - it will not cycle, as there is only one icon. Additionally, the christmas `avatar.png` will be used. However, the bot will fall back to the evergreen `banner.png`.
```

While no specific season is active, the bot simply uses the evergreen one.

This means that there will **always** be available assets, as long as they are present in the evergreen directory. Should an asset become missing in this directory, the bot will simply ignore it.

> Failure to comply with this schema will not break Seasonalbot, but it will prevent its branding manager from functioning properly. Please refer to its `BrandingManager` cog for further documentation and implementation details.

Reviewer: this may also be an opportunity to link to the relevant parts, although I guess those parts aren't merged yet.

Author: I don't think it's necessary. We've linked the repository as per your other suggestion, the cog shouldn't be difficult to find.

I'm not sure how linking would work in this case - if we reference a specific commit, the link would become outdated, right?

Reviewer: Fair point, we did add a link, that'll do.

#### Other assets

> Any files or sub-directories *not* listed above will be entirely ignored by Seasonalbot. A seasonal directory may be arbitrarily structured, as long as it doesn't interfere with the above-described conventions. This includes the `server_icons/` directory, which can have an arbitrary amount of sub-directories that the bot will ignore. Seasonalbot will *only* cycle **files** *directly* in `server_icons/`.

Reviewer: this is very cool, and a nice clarification.
